chore: update readme instructions (#121)
blockful-io/external-resolver: README.md

# External Resolver

## Overview

> The External Resolver project aims to scale the Ethereum Name Service (ENS) by reducing costs for users and increasing its usage. By combining existing patterns such as [ERC-3668](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-3668), [EIP-5559](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-5559), [ENSIP-10](https://docs.ens.domains/ensip/10), and [ENSIP-16](https://docs.ens.domains/ensip/16), this project provides a comprehensive reference codebase for the industry.

Reviewer: I think that he overview is a great ideia. But, maybe it will be a good approach to add more explanations. What if someone not technical tries to understand our repo? I'm imagining an Overview similar as the following:

```suggestion
"
The Ethereum Name Service (ENS) has revolutionized the way we interact with the blockchain by replacing complex addresses with human-readable domain names like "myname.eth". However, ENS faces scalability and cost challenges that hinder its widespread adoption. The External Resolver project offers an innovative solution to overcome these obstacles by combining established patterns such as ERC-3668, EIP-5559, ENSIP-10, and ENSIP-16.

At its core, a "resolver" is a crucial component of ENS that translates human-readable domain names into relevant blockchain information, such as wallet addresses, public keys, and custom records. The "resolution" process is fundamental for making domain names usable in decentralized applications (dApps) and wallets.

The External Resolver takes the concept of resolution further by allowing ENS data to be stored and managed off-chain. This drastically reduces transaction costs, improves network scalability, and enables more advanced features like larger and more complex data records.

This project not only makes ENS more efficient and cost-effective but also opens up a world of possibilities for developers and users, expanding the potential of ENS as a foundational infrastructure for Web3. By providing a comprehensive reference implementation for off-chain storage and management, the External Resolver empowers the community to innovate and build upon the ENS ecosystem.
"
```

## Objectives

- **Enhance Scalability**: Improve ENS scalability for broader adoption.
- **Cost-Effectiveness**: Lower costs for ENS users.
- **Increase Usability**: Make ENS more user-friendly and accessible.
- **Reference implementation**: Create a reference on how to implement off-chain storage and management.

> ## Components

Reviewer: I think that components need more description. Something like: 

The External Resolver consists of three main components:

- **Client:** The client acts as the interface between the user and the Blockchain. It handles requests for domain resolution and interacts with the Gateway to retrieve the necessary information.
- **Gateway:** The Gateway serves as the bridge between the blockchain and external data sources. It follows the EIP-3668 specification to fetch data from off-chain storage and relays it back to the client. The Gateway ensures secure and efficient communication between the different components of the system.
- **Contracts:** The smart contracts are the backbone of the External Resolver. They include the L1 Resolver, which redirects requests to external resolvers, the L2 Resolver Contract, which handles the actual resolution of domain names on Layer 2 networks and more. These contracts are designed to be modular and adaptable, allowing for deployment on various EVM-compatible chains.

Each of these components is a self-contained project with its own set of files and logic, ensuring seamless integration and collaboration between them. This modular architecture allows for flexibility and customization, making the External Resolver a versatile solution for various use cases.

This type of description provides a good overview of the project's components and structure. Also, maybe it is a good ideia to select some snippet of code to put here. It can show some important part of some component or file.

### L1 Resolver

A smart contract that redirects requests to specified external sources, such as a resolver deployed to an L2.

### L2 Resolver Contract

An L2 contract capable of resolving ENS domains to corresponding addresses and fetching additional information. It can be deployed to any EVM compatible protocol.

### Gateway

An API that handles reading data from external sources, following the flow specified by [EIP-3668](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-3668).

### Client

A client implementation that mimics calls made from a frontend app using [Viem](viem.sh).

## Usage

> To run this application locally, follow these steps:

Reviewer: It is not clear to me if the user needs to setup all this steps. So, maybe we can describe the usage like this: 

```suggestion
To run the External Resolver project in its entirety, you'll need to complete the installation process. Since we provide an off-chain resolver solution, it's essential to set up both the database and the Arbitrum Layer 2 environment. This will enable you to run comprehensive end-to-end tests and verify the functionality of the entire project.
```

    ```

5. Request domain properties through the client:

    ```bash
    npm run client read
    ```

### Layer 2 Setup

1. Deploy the contracts to the local Arbitrum node (follow the [Arbitrum's local node setup tutorial](https://docs.arbitrum.io/run-arbitrum-node/run-local-dev-node)):

    ```bash
    npm run contracts start:arb:l2
    ```

2. Gather the contract address from the terminal and add it [here](https://github.com/blockful-io/external-resolver/blob/main/packages/contracts/script/local/ArbResolver.s.sol#L56) so the L1 domain gets resolved by the L2 contract you just deployed.

3. Start the gateway:

    ```bash
    npm run gateway dev:arb
    ```

4. Request domain properties through the client:

    ```bash
    npm run client start
    ```

## Deployment

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the [Railway CLI](https://docs.railway.app/guides/cli) installed.

1. Install the Railway CLI:

    ```bash
    npm i -g @railway/cli
    ```

2. Log in to your Railway account:

    ```bash
    railway login
    ```

3. Link the repo to the project:

    ```bash
    railway link
    ```

4. Deploy the Gateway:

    ```bash
    railway up
    ```

> ## Architecture

Reviewer: On this architecture section, it would be good if we have an explanation for each diagram. They are self-explanatory for us that already know ENS's and the Offchain Resolution's structure. But, maybe, it is not that clear for some one that is falling by parachute and wants to know what we are doing.
